c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Arisoph.Web.UI.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Arisoph.Web.UI.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\obj\Debug\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\obj\Debug\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\obj\Debug\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Arisoph.Web.Framework.dll
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Arisoph.DAL.DomainObject.dll
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Arisoph.Web.Framework.pdb
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Arisoph.DAL.DomainObject.pdb
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\MSSQL.cfg.xml
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\hibernate.cfg.xml
C:\Users\developer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Arisoph\Arisoph.Web.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Mapping\User.hbm.xml
